Use Case Number	ID to represent your use case
Application	What system or application does this pertain to
Use Case Name	The name of your use case, keep it short and sweet
Use Case Description	Elaborate more on the name, in paragraph form.
Primary Actor	Who is the main actor that this use case represents
Precondition	What preconditions must be met before this use case can start
Trigger	What event triggers this use case
Basic Flow	The basic flow should be the events of the use case when everything is perfect; there are no errors, no exceptions. This is the "happy day scenario". The exceptions will be handled in the "Alternate Flows" section.
Alternate Flows	The most significant alternatives and exceptions

#1
Application	Client
Name	Game connection
Description	The user has launched the game, and will choose between a set of available options (e.g. connect, settings, statistics, exit)
Primary Actor	Player
Precondition	None
Trigger	Running the game executable, or quitting a current game which is interpreted as a reinitialization comparable to restarting the executable.
Basic Flow	The player presses a connection button, upon which he/she is requested to specify the IP-number of an active game (server) to connect to. 
Alternate Flows	#a The user changes his/her mind and presses the exit button. The user is then asked to verify that he/she really want to end the game before the game is ended.
#b ev. future settings options

#2 
Application:	Server
Name:	Choosing the hero and magic ring
Description:	The player chooses a Hero, depending on his turn of action.
Primary Actor:	Multiple players
Precondition:	At least 2 players in an active game.
Trigger:	The game is begun
Basic flow: The users roll a die each. The action turns of the players is decided by the outcome of the dice (highest die-first to act=first action turn). The players then choose a Hero from the available sets of heroes in the order of their actions (when a Hero is chosen by a player, that hero is no longer available to other players). When the heroes have been chosen, then players choose a magic ring among the available magic rings in the reverse action turn order.
Alternate Flows:	#a Several players roll the same die, in this case, those players may roll their die again in order to break the tie. The other players are not affected, and their action turn relative to these players is based on the first roll of the die. (i.e., A rolls 4. B rolls 1. and C rolls 1. C and B roll again, resulting in 6 and 5. The order is now A, C, B and not C, B, A).

#3
Application:	Server
Name:	Make a move
Description:	The player chooses an adjacent, legal, square to move to.
Primary Actor:	Player
Precondition:	The player's turn. The rules allow the player to move.
Trigger:	The player chooses to move from his/her current square.
Basic flow:	The player moves to a selected square. A random tile is placed on the square provided that there is no tile in that square. The player is dealt a room card, the effect of which differs. See use case #4 TODO TODO
Alternate Flows: a# If a new room tile is placed and that room tile contains a trap, the player is dealt a trap card instead of a room card. See use case TODO. After the trap is sprung, the player is dealt a room card as above.

#4
Application:	Server
Name: Ambush (goblin, orc, cave troll, skeleton or two orcs)
Description: The player is ambushed, and must fight or flee.
Primary Actor: Two players
Precondition: None
Trigger: The player is dealt #a a room card specifying an ambush, #b draws a coffin card specifying an ambush
Basic flow: The player must choose whether he/she wants to fight, flee or wait. The opponent will then randomly fight or flee. In the case where the opponent flees, the turn is over. In case the opponent fights, the result depends on the action of the player. If the player flees: there is a chance that he/she succeeds, and is then moved to the previous tile unharmed. If this does not succeed, the player takes damage and must fight, see use case #5. If the player chooses to fight or wait, and the opponent also chooses to fight, see use case #5.
Alternative flow: The player has a magic ring allowing him or her to flee the scene without consequence.

#5
Application: Server
Name: Fight (goblin, orc, cave troll, skeleton or two orcs)
Description: The player fights an opponent, represented by another player in the game (or AI).
Primary actor: Player whose turn it is
Secondary actor: Player with previous turn.
Precondition: None
Trigger: A fight is initiated according to #4.
Basic flow: The player, and the opponent both choose one of their three attack cards. When both have chosen, these are compared and the winner is determined. The looser takes one damage (the opponent can potentially take two damage). In case of a tie, both player and opponent take one damage. This repeats, until either the opponent or the player is dead.

#6
Application:	Server
Name: Ambush (Great spider)
Description: The player is dealt a Room Card with an ambush by a Great Spider, and fights it.
Primary actor: Player whose turn it is
Precondition: None.
Trigger: The player is dealt a Room card/room searching card that has Great Spider ambush on it.
Basic flow: The player has to choose three number between 1 and 6. The computer randomizes a number between 1 and 6, and if the generated number matches a number given by the user, the Great Spider dies and the turn is over.
Alternate flow: If the generated number does not match one of the user given numbers the user is dealt 1 (one) damage point and the spider remains on the users hand until next turn, at which point the use case is restarted.

#7
Application: Server
Name: Occupying the dragon's lair
Description: The player is in the dragons lair and tries to steal gold from the sleeping dragon.
Primary actor: Player whose turn it is
Precondition: None
Trigger: The user enters, or remains in the dragons lair (treasure chamber).
Basic flow: The user is dealt a random amounts of gold, and the computer decides if the dragon wakes up or not. If the dragon is not woken, the turn is over.
Alternative flow: If the dragon wakes, all Players in the treasure chamber are evicted into a random adjacent and previously visited room and loose all gold they have gained since entering the treasure chamber. All players are also dealt a random value between 1-12 in damage. The turn is then over.

#8
Application: Server
Name: Search room
Description: 
Primary actor: Active player
Precondition: Active player have searched the room 0 or 1 time before. Room rules allowes
the room to be searched
Trigger: The active player chooses to search the room and draw a room searching card 
Basic flow: The player draws a room searching card and finds nothing. The turn is over and
number of searches is incremented
Alternative flow: The player draws a card with a hidden door and may or may not go through it. The hidden dor may be "placed" in any direction and disappears after the turn. If the player doesnt go through the door the turn is over.
Alternative flow: A giant spider is drawn, see use case number 6. 

#9
Application: Server
Name: Search coffin/fallen warrior (skriv båda gemensamt, två olika basic flows)

#10
Application: Server
Name: Open door

#11
Application: Server
Name: Player dies

#12
Application: Server
Name: Player wins
Description:
Primary actor:
Preconditions: Player is alive in a tower room and has the most gold or is the only
surviver
Trigger: End of game (27 turns)
Basic flow: Turn marker is moved to final position, determine winner.

Server - await 3-4 players
